README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Star Wars Survey Classification Analysis </h1> <br> 

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Dataset Description](#dataset-description)
- [Project Notebooks](#project-notebooks)
- [Miscellaneous Files](#miscellaneous-files)
- [Repository Information](#repository-information)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Project Description 
Given a Star Wars Survey dataset, our aim is to train a classifier to predict a person's answers to some questions about the franchise given their answers to other such questions, or to try to predict a person's personal characteristics based off of their answers to questions about the franchise. 

## Dataset Description 
The Star Wars Survey dataset is a labeled dataset with 1188 records. It has 15 features, which are survey questions regarding people's opinions on the Star Wars franchise and some personal information such as: 

* "Do you consider yourself a Star Wars fan?",
* "Which is your favorite movie?",
* "Which character shot first?",
* "Gender",
* "Income",
* et cetera. 

More information about the dataset can be found [here.](https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data/tree/master/star-wars-survey) 

## Project Notebooks 
The project is divided into the six Jupyter Notebooks below: 

1. [Data Preparation](./project_files/data_prep.ipynb)
2. [Data Exploration and Feature Engineering](./project_files/data_expl_feature_eng.ipynb)
3. [Decision Tree Classifier](./project_files/decision_trees.ipynb)
4. [K-Nearest Neighbors Classifier](./project_files/knn.ipynb)
5. [Naive Bayes Classifier](./project_files/naive_bayes.ipynb)
6. [Neural Networks Classifier](./project_files/neural_network.ipynb) 

## Miscellaneous Files 
* [Column Names](./project_files/column_names.txt) - Text file manually created and used in the Data Preparation notebook to replace the two header rows of the dataset with a simpler, single header row. 
* [Unique Values](./project_files/unique_values.txt) - Text file generated in the Data Preparation notebook in order to manually check for inconsistent values in the dataset. 

## Repository Information 
* All HTML files in the root folder are for web hosting the project, and were not utilized in the project itself. 
* The 'project_files' folder includes all files necessary for running the notebooks, which includes the dataset files and the column names text file, and all outputs of the notebooks, which includes the cleaned dataset files and the unique values text file. 

## Contributors 
[Nico Arrieche](https://github.com/nicoarrieche/) • [Chance Mason](https://github.com/cmason1998) • [Mitchel Walker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/walker-mitchel/) • [Tyler Wittig](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tylerwittig/)

Commit message:

Simplified Repository
Moved all files back into root directory.
Removed unused 'index.html'.
Updated the 'Repository Information' section of the README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Star Wars Survey Classification Analysis </h1> <br>

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
## Table of Contents
- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Dataset Description](#dataset-description)
- [Project Notebooks](#project-notebooks)
- [Miscellaneous Files](#miscellaneous-files)
- [Repository Information](#repository-information)
- [Contributors](#contributors)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Project Description
Given a Star Wars Survey dataset, our aim is to train a classifier to predict a person's answers to some questions about the franchise given their answers to other such questions, or to try to predict a person's personal characteristics based off of their answers to questions about the franchise.

## Dataset Description
The Star Wars Survey dataset is a labeled dataset with 1188 records. It has 15 features, which are survey questions regarding people's opinions on the Star Wars franchise and some personal information such as:

* "Do you consider yourself a Star Wars fan?",
* "Which is your favorite movie?",
* "Which character shot first?",
* "Gender",
* "Income",
* et cetera.

More information about the dataset can be found [here.](https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data/tree/master/star-wars-survey)

## Project Notebooks
The project is divided into the six Jupyter Notebooks below:

1. [Data Preparation](./data_prep.ipynb)
2. [Data Exploration and Feature Engineering](./data_expl_feature_eng.ipynb)
3. [Decision Tree Classifier](./decision_trees.ipynb)
4. [K-Nearest Neighbors Classifier](./knn.ipynb)
5. [Naive Bayes Classifier](./naive_bayes.ipynb)
6. [Neural Networks Classifier](./neural_network.ipynb)

## Miscellaneous Files
* [Column Names](./column_names.txt) - Text file manually created and used in the Data Preparation notebook to replace the two header rows of the dataset with a simpler, single header row.
* [Unique Values](./unique_values.txt) - Text file generated in the Data Preparation notebook in order to manually check for inconsistent values in the dataset.

## Repository Information
* There are two copies of each Jupyter Notebook: an html version and an ipynb
version.
* There are three versions of the dataset: 'survey_raw' is the initial version
of the dataset, 'survey_data' is the cleaned version of the dataset resulting
from the Data Preparation stage of the project, and 'survey_numeric' is the
numeric version of the dataset resulting from the Feature Engineering stage of
the project. 

## Contributors
[Nico Arrieche](https://github.com/nicoarrieche/) • [Chance Mason](https://github.com/cmason1998) • [Mitchel Walker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/walker-mitchel/) • [Tyler Wittig](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tylerwittig/)
